What is Continuous Integration?
Continuous Integration is a development practice in which the developer
s are required to commit changes to the source code in a shared repository
 several times a day or more frequently. Every commit made in the repository
  is then built. This allows the teams to detect the problems early. 
  Apart from this, depending on the Continuous Integration tool,
   there are several other functions like deploying the build application
    on the test server,providing the concerned teams with the build and test results, etc.
    
Continuous Integration is abbreviated as CI. 
Continuous Integration is a development practice 
which aims to make sure the correctness of a software.
 After each commit, a suite of tests run automatically
  and tests a software to ensure whether the software
   is running without any breaks. If any test fails, we will
    get immediate feedback say “build is broken”.
In simple words, continuous integration is a process of verifying 
the correctness of a software.

What is GIT
Git is the most widely used modern version control system
 in the world today for tracking changes in any set of files.
  Git is an open source project. It is aimed at speed, data integrity,
   and support for distributed, non-linear workflows.
    It allows you to commit your work locally and then sync your
     copy of the repository with the copy on the server.
     
What is Jenkins
Jenkins is an open source automation server. 
It supports us to automate all sorts of tasks related to building,
 deploying and automating any project. 
 It is cross-platform and can be used on Windows, Mac OS, Linux etc.,
  As a part of Selenium, we use it to build and test our software continuously.
   It is used for automatic test executions and scheduled builds. 
   Using Jenkins we could also publish results and send email notifications
    to all the team members.
 Jenkins provides continuous
     integration and continuous delivery service for software development